README.md, before:

# ZekCau
ZekCau (Cantonese of 隻抽, means "go it alone") is an example implementation of PocketMine-MP dual-players combat mode using [Await-Std](https://github.com/SOF3/await-std).

But can also be used as an API (virion) or plugin for instant use.
# API
## Preparation
```php
use Endermanbugzjfc\ZekCau\CombatMode;
use SOFe\AwaitStd\AwaitStd;
```
You must initialize an AwaitStd instance before calling any functions in CombatMode:
```php
CombatMode::$std = $std = AwaitStd::init($this);
```
## Usage
`autoEnable()` will enable combat mode for two players when one attacks another.

The `$until` callback is called every time when they attack each other, means the combat mode timer should be reset. So a new generator is created:
```php
CombatMode::autoEnable(function () use ($std) : \Generator {
	// Each combat mode will least for 15 seconds. The timer resets on damage.
	yield from $std->sleep(15 * 20);
});
```
You are not limited to just `yield from` a sleep-generator, side effects can be made too. Such as sending popups (or updating a boss bar):
```php
CombatMode::autoEnable(function (Player $a, Player $b) use ($std) : \Generator {
	foreach ([$a, $b] as $player) {
		$player->sendPopup("Combat mode timer resets!");
	}

	// Each combat mode will least for 15 seconds. The timer resets on damage.
	yield from $std->sleep(15 * 20);
});		
```
## Count down popup example
```php
$running = 0;
CombatMode::autoEnable(function (Player $a, Player $b) use ($std, &$running) : \Generator {
	// Avoid two generators running at the same time and send overlapping popups.
	$current = ++$running;

	for ($seconds = 15; $seconds > 0; $seconds--) {
		foreach ([$a, $b] as $player) {
			$player->sendPopup("Combat mode count down: $seconds seconds.");
		}

		yield from $std->sleep(20); // Sleep 1 second.
		if ($running !== $current) {
			return; // New generator is created. Stop this one to not send overlapping popups and waste system resources (redundantly yielding from sleep-generator).
		}
	}

	$running = 0;
});
```

Commit message:

Wot dis combat mode finggy (u happy now thunder?)

README.md, after:

# ZekCau
ZekCau (Cantonese of 隻抽, means "go it alone") is an example implementation of PocketMine-MP dual-players combat mode using [Await-Std](https://github.com/SOF3/await-std).

## What is combat mode
Combat modes are enabled in pairs. Two players in the same combat mode pair can only attack / get attacked by each other. Damage cannot be dealed if they try to attack any other entity or vice versa.

But can also be used as an API (virion) or plugin for instant use.
# API
## Preparation
```php
use Endermanbugzjfc\ZekCau\CombatMode;
use SOFe\AwaitStd\AwaitStd;
```
You must initialize an AwaitStd instance before calling any functions in CombatMode:
```php
CombatMode::$std = $std = AwaitStd::init($this);
```
## Usage
`autoEnable()` will enable combat mode for two players when one attacks another.

The `$until` callback is called every time when they attack each other, means the combat mode timer should be reset. So a new generator is created:
```php
CombatMode::autoEnable(function () use ($std) : \Generator {
	// Each combat mode will least for 15 seconds. The timer resets on damage.
	yield from $std->sleep(15 * 20);
});
```
You are not limited to just `yield from` a sleep-generator, side effects can be made too. Such as sending popups (or updating a boss bar):
```php
CombatMode::autoEnable(function (Player $a, Player $b) use ($std) : \Generator {
	foreach ([$a, $b] as $player) {
		$player->sendPopup("Combat mode timer resets!");
	}

	// Each combat mode will least for 15 seconds. The timer resets on damage.
	yield from $std->sleep(15 * 20);
});		
```
## Count down popup example
```php
$running = 0;
CombatMode::autoEnable(function (Player $a, Player $b) use ($std, &$running) : \Generator {
	// Avoid two generators running at the same time and send overlapping popups.
	$current = ++$running;

	for ($seconds = 15; $seconds > 0; $seconds--) {
		foreach ([$a, $b] as $player) {
			$player->sendPopup("Combat mode count down: $seconds seconds.");
		}

		yield from $std->sleep(20); // Sleep 1 second.
		if ($running !== $current) {
			return; // New generator is created. Stop this one to not send overlapping popups and waste system resources (redundantly yielding from sleep-generator).
		}
	}

	$running = 0;
});
```
